The sound of the rain
is like the sound of the sea
It's like the sound of your body
It's like the sound of the water
It's like the sound of the sea
The sound of the rain
is like the sound of the water
It's like the sound of the water
The sound of the rain
is like the sound of your body
It's like the sound of the rain
This was because we were looking for formal baths here.
The sound of the boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat's boat
Translated by Releska